Ref: RESS_2019_1329
Title: TTT-SiZer: A graphic tool for aging trends recognition
Journal: Reliability Engineering and System Safety

Dear Dr. Gamiz,

Thank you for submitting your manuscript to Reliability Engineering and System Safety.

I have completed my evaluation of your manuscript. The reviewers recommend reconsideration of your manuscript following revision. 
I invite you to resubmit your manuscript after addressing the comments below.

When revising your manuscript, please consider all issues mentioned in the reviewers' comments carefully: 
please outline in a cover letter every change made in response to their comments and provide suitable rebuttals for any comments not addressed. 
Please note that your revised submission may need to be re-reviewed.

If you would like to revise your manuscript, you first need to accept this invitation:

Log into EVISE® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=RESS;
Locate your manuscript under the header 'My Submissions that need Revisions' on your 'My Author Tasks' view; and
Click on 'Agree to Revise'.
Upon agreeing to revise your manuscript, your revision deadline will be displayed in your 'My Author Tasks' view.

When you are ready, please submit your revision by logging into EVISE® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=RESS

Reliability Engineering and System Safety values your contribution and I look forward to receiving your revised manuscript.

Please remember to sign in to receive the list of contents of next issues of RESS in:
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/serial-alerts/save/09518320

Kind regards

Prof. Carlos Guedes Soares
Editor-in-Chief
Reliability Engineering and System Safety
Editor and Reviewer Comments:
-Editor

  - Please revise the paper carefully for a second round review. Try to make the paper more relevant to this journal, 
as we rejected a number of papers discussing mainly probability/statistics issues. Please modify the writing style as well as theorem/proof
 style tends to focus on pure analytical issues. Thanks.

-Reviewer 1

  -

Please find the attached pdf file


-Reviewer 2

  -
This is my review on manuscript number RESS_2019_1329 titled “TTT-SiZer: A graphic tool for aging trends recognition”. 
This paper has aimed to present a new procedure to explore life data for discovering aging trends in the underlying life distribution.
 In this regard, a new graphical test is presented by means of scale and space inference about the Total-Time-on-Test transform and its 
first and second derivatives. Here I left some comments on the manuscript. This is an interesting paper and I suggest its acceptance 
after revision. To help improve quality of this paper, I provide my comments as below:

1)    Introduction section is very short. The research mentioned in this section is not well described. 
The literature is not well treated and there is no enough mentioned up-to-date papers as references.
 The authors made no effort to organize the information and to provide a structured literature review.

2)    In Section 2 the Total-Time-on-Test transform is defined. TTT transform in the other references such 
as (Rausand and Høyland, 2003 or Zaretalab et al. 2018) is described completely. 
Therefore, it is not necessary to present these concepts in the present manuscript. It is enough to refer to the sources that provide it.

 

Rausand, M., & Høyland, A. (2003). System reliability theory: models, statistical methods, and applications (Vol. 396). John Wiley & Sons.

Zaretalab, A., Haghighi, H. S., Mansour, S., & Sajadieh, M. S. (2018).
 A mathematical model for the joint optimization of machining conditions and tool replacement policy with stochastic tool life in the milling 
process. The International Journal of Advanced Manufacturing Technology, 96(5-8), 2319-2339.

 

3)    Particularly authors should highlight what are the main advantages and what is the novelty of the proposed method.
Why constructed local-polynomial estimators for the TTT-curve and its first and second derivatives have better performance than other methods?

4)    Please have your paper proof read by a native English Speaker or a person more familiar with the English language. 
The paper should be written in 3rd person not 1st person. If you refer to yourself do not use “I” or “we” use “the authors” but use 
it only if you want to stress a point or state this is your important opinion.

5)         Conclusion needs to be extended by comparison with similar studies and discussion about unique results of the study.

 




-Reviewer 3

  - The authors introduce a new graphical tool to test aging trends on life data. A graphical test is developed and several examples are presented in order to illustrate its applicability.
I think the paper is interesting, well written and deserves publication. However, several comments should be taken into account:
- A brief introduction to SiZer. How this tool can be used directly by the user? Is it linked to a particular software?
- For reproducibility: explain how you get the data used in the examples.
- Nair and Sankaran (2013) and Franco-Pereira and Shaked (2014) are recent references related to the topic and that should be included.



-Reviewer 4

  -
The paper aims at presenting a new graphic tool to test aging trends based on life data. 
Although quite a bit of results are shown, I feel that the paper is not suitable for this journal. 
The focus and analysis are about the statistical properties, and the results are of much more interest for different journals than reliability engineering.

The authors probably could rewrite it with more examples and presenting more engineering insights from the study. 
Analytical results could be put in an appendix if they are of great importance.

The authors should also carry out a more extensive literature search and discuss more recent and related works. 
In particular, works in reliability engineering journals should be discussed to make the paper more relevant. I see that the references are also rather old, and there is only one references from last 3-4 years.

Have questions or need assistance?
For further assistance, please visit our Customer Support site. Here you can search for solutions on a range of topics, find answers to frequently asked questions, and learn more about EVISE® via interactive tutorials. You can also talk 24/5 to our customer support team by phone and 24/7 by live chat and email.

-------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. | Privacy Policy

Elsevier B.V., Radarweg 29, 1043 NX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Reg. No. 33156677.